Why did he bring it like this? My brother took away all his father's public possessions.
But it’s not like they have top-notch horses to kill.
Is this... horse killing? Show me quickly.
Then... this is farewell.
Sure enough, he is a rich old man on a stick.
Let me just forget it.
They are not worth it anymore. Why do you always bully others?
Ask me how I was bullied when I was in need.
They are all obviously a bunch of people. To describe it, he was always protected by someone.
I don't care. The company will work overtime tomorrow. this opportunity,
Don't do it again. Okay, okay, it’s all up to you.
I want Dongdong to tear off your face
The woman who endures pain like you is the same as me
wait for me a little longer
I have the last one now, right?
My benevolent souls drive away the little beauties
You'd better have less strength
President Shen
You shouldn't want to say
Are you the wife of Shen’s CEO?